And with that let's conclude this module with something which is not directly related to classes but
related to objects and to object properties
and where a little bit of a deeper knowledge about objects which we have by now doesn't hurt and that
are object descriptors. Let's create a new object here and that can be a normal object or we always worked
with normal objects
but I mean it can be an object created with the object literal notation.
Don't forget that there, use a colon to separate key name and key value
and then I have my name here,
I also have a method in there using the shorthand where I say console log this name and now we have
person here, we can call greet on person, all is good.
Now actually every property you add and every method you add as well, it's basically a property which
holds a function has a so-called descriptor.
So let me clear that, it's not lost it's just clearing that output here.
We can have a look at the descriptor with object get own property descriptor, then parse in  the object,
person and then the property key,
alternatively call get own property descriptors and just parse in the person or the object,
so in this case the person and what you get back is a new object with the so-called property descriptors.
Now that's some metadata stored behind the scenes by Javascript, it influences how the properties can
be used,
so that some configuration Javascript sets up for you and stores for you which you can change though.
So let's have a look at the name property,
here it is,
we see it has a value of Max, that's what we assigned
but we see three other configuration items as well - configurable, enumerable and writable.
Now this simply means that this property, the name property on the person object holds a value of Max
that we can assign a new value so that it's writable, that it's configurable which means we can for example
delete it and it's enumerable which means it appears in a for/in loop and for greet, we got the same
configuration, we see the value is a function,
other than that it's the same.
Now thus far I haven't talked about that because often, these defaults are OK but sometimes in advanced
programs, you might want to lock down a property, you want to make sure that it can't be written to for
example.
Well to do that, you can use object and then define property, pass in the object person, then your property,
name for example,
so the property you want to change or you want to add, you can also add a new property with that,
here I want to change the property with the name name and you have to pass that in as a string of course
because like that it would be looking for a variable named name and then use the value stored in that
value as a property key it's looking for,
so using string here and then the third argument is an object which describes the descriptors or which
sets the configuration for your object,
so basically an object which can have these four values, every value which you don't set gets false now.
So here I created a new line with shift enter and then for example we can set configurable and make
sure you don't mistype to true and another new line, enumerable to true and in another new line,
value maybe to Max to keep that or of course to person.name to take the current value in there which
is Max and said writable to false
now. If you hit enter, you get the same object as before
but what you'll notice is that if I try to access person.name and set this to Maximilian, person still
has Max in there, it didn't throw an error but it didn't accept the change.
Now this is a way of locking down this property.
Now we can still delete it though with person.name, now person no longer has a name.
We could have prevented this,
I am pressing the up arrow key here to cycle through my past commands by setting configurable to false
for example,
now I'm re-adding the name property,
you see if I output person, name is back, it's undefined because I set it to this value here which of
course didn't exist anymore
but you'll see if I delete person.name,
it's still there because I set configurable to false.
Now enumerable also can be useful to set.
Right now if we add a for/in loop and we go through all keys in person and I then just output my key here, you
will see it outputs greet and name because these are the two properties I have in the end, greet
is a method
but in the end as I said it's just a property which holds a function as a value.
Now often when you use for/in, you want to make sure that functions, methods are not included,
you only want to go through your properties that hold values other than functions and here for example,
using object defined property can be useful again. For name,
I'll set this back to Max but other than that, keep the configuration and set enumerable to true and
actually I'm getting an error now of course because configurable was set to false,
so I kind of broke this object. To fix it, let's simply add name2 here, that works
and now more importantly, I want to go to greet which is that method and there I want to keep the value,
so the value stays person.greet,
so whatever I had stored in there will be kept
but enumerable can be set to false, I'll set configurable to true but enumerable to false. The result
of that is that if I now re-execute this for/in loop, you see name and name2 is output but greet is
no longer part of that because it's not enumerable, which means in for/in loops, it will be skipped and
that can be useful because you might remember that in the objects module, we had this case where I went
through all keys in info and I checked if the key is not title and not _title, by the way
I used _title back then because we hadn't learned about private properties yet.
Anyways I used this if check here to make sure that I didn't use these properties here for outputting
my extra information.
Well now with the new knowledge, we could have just set the object descriptors such that title and
_title are not enumerable and they wouldn't occur here in that for/in loop.
So that's where this can be useful,
it can be useful to make properties unwritable, not deletable, not configurable in general or to
exclude them from for/in loops which of course is advanced and rarely needed but in certain cases, like
for example here it can be useful to be able to do that.